Name			 BIO

Name:Gail-Joon Ahn		 Bio:Gail-Joon Ahn is a professor of computer science and engineering in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence at Arizona State University. He has authored more than 200 refereed research papers. Prior to joining ASU, he was an associate professor of the College of Computing and Informatics and founding director of Center for Digital Identity and Cyber Defense Research at University of North Carolina at Charlotte. His research foci include security analytics and big data driven security intelligence, vulnerability and risk management, access control and security architecture for distributed systems, identity and privacy management, cyber crime analysis, security-enhanced computing platforms, and formal models for computer security device. His research has been supported by National Science Foundation, National Security Agency, Department of Defense, Office of Naval Research, Department of Energy, Department of Justice, Allstate, Intel, Bank of America, CISCO, GoDaddy, Hewlett Packard, Google, Microsoft and Robert Wood Johnson Foundation. He is currently the information director of ACM Special Interest Group on Security, Audit and Control (SIGSAC) and he is a recipient of U.S. Department of Energy Early Career Principal Investigator Award, Educator of the Year Award from Federal Information Systems Security Educators' Association (FISSEA) and Best Researcher Award from CIDSE. Also, he serves as associate editor-in-chief of IEEE Transactions on Dependable and Secure Computing, associate editor of ACM Transactions on Information and Systems Security and editorial board of Computers & Security. He is also the Steering Committee chair of ACM Symposium on Access Control Models and Technologies and the general chair of ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security (CCS 2014). 
Name:Robert Atkinson		 Bio:Associate Professor Robert Atkinson holds a joint appointment in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence in the Ira A. Schools of Engineering and the Division of Educational Leadership and Innovation in the Mary Lou Fulton Teacher’s College. He earned an Applied Cognitive Science doctorate in 1999 from University of Wisconsin, Madison with a minor in statistics and research design. He joined the ASU faculty in 2002 as an assistant professor after teaching for three years at Mississippi State University.
Name:Janaka Balasooriya		 Bio:Janaka Balasooriya joined ASU 2007. Prior to joining ASU, Balasooriya was a postdoctoral fellow at Missouri University of Science and Technology (formally known as University of Missouri, Rolla). He has several years of industry experience as a Software Engineer. His research interests span in the areas of distributed computing and software engineering that incudes service oriented computing, cloud computing and software testing. 
Name:Tiffany Bao		 Bio:Tiffany Bao is an Assistant Professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence and Associate Director of Research Acceleration at the Center for Cybersecurity and Trusted Foundations. Her research focuses on cyber autonomy, and her work spans the areas of binary analysis techniques and game-theoretical strategy. She's the recipient of the Carnegie Mellon University Presidential Fellowship and NSA's Best Scientific Cybersecurity Paper. She received her doctorate from Carnegie Mellon University.
Name:Chitta Baral		 Bio:Chitta Baral is a professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence in the Ira A. Fulton Schools of Engineering at Arizona State University. Chitta joined ASU in 1999 as an associate professor, becoming a professor in 2002. Prior to ASU, he served as an assistant and associate professor with the University of Texas at El Paso (Sept 1991 - August 1999). Chitta did his B.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering at IIT Kharagpur and his Masters and PhD in Computer Science at the University of Maryland, College Park.  He directs the laboratory of Cognition and Intelligence at ASU. His research focus is in various areas of Artificial Intelligence (AI). Chitta is the author of the book "Knowledge Representation, Reasoning and Declarative Problem Solving" published by Cambridge University Press. Chitta has been an Associate Editor of Journal of AI Research and the AI Journal, among the two top journals in the field of AI. Chitta is a past President of KR Inc, a not for profit Scientific Foundation concerned with fostering research and communication on knowledge representation and reasoning. He is a member of AAAI, the Association for the Advancement of AI and has published regularly in the annual conferences of AAAI. Chitta was a Research Affiliate at Mayo Clinic and continues collaboration with them. Chitta's current research focus in on cognition and intelligence; in particular on understanding natural language, visual objects, and multi-modal documents; using knowledge in that understanding; and applying that understanding to cybersecurity, robotics and biological and health sciences.
Name:Robert Barnhill		 Bio:
Name:Rida Bazzi		 Bio:Rida Bazzi joined ASU in 1996. He is an associate professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence at Arizona State University. Prior to ASU, he served as an assistant professor at Florida International University in the 1995-1996 academic year and prior to that he was a senior consultant at I-Cube, a startup company in Cambridge, Massachusetts. His areas of expertise include distributed computing, fault tolerance and computer security. 
Name:Heni Ben Amor		 Bio:Heni Ben Amor, an assistant professor, was previously a research scientist at Georgia Tech’s Institute for Robotics and Intelligent Machines, where he led a project to improve robots for future applications in industrial settings, especially manufacturing. Prior to moving to Georgia Tech, Ben Amor worked with Jan Peters at the Technical University Darmstadt as a postdoctoral scholar. Ben Amor’s research topics focus on artificial intelligence, machine learning, human-robot interaction, robot vision, and automatic motor skill acquisition. He received the highly competitive Daimler-and-Benz Fellowship as well as several best paper awards at major robotics and AI conferences. He also serves on the program committee of various AI and robotics conferences, including AAAI, IJCAI, IROS, and ICRA.
Name:Dimitri Bertsekas		 Bio:Dimitri P. Bertsekas was awarded the INFORMS 1997 Prize for Research Excellence in the Interface Between Operations Research and Computer Science for his book "Neuro-Dynamic Programming", the 2000 Greek National Award for Operations Research, the 2001 ACC John R. Ragazzini Education Award, the 2009 INFORMS Expository Writing Award, the 2014 ACC Richard E. Bellman Control Heritage Award for "contributions to the foundations of deterministic and stochastic optimization-based methods in systems and control," the 2014 Khachiyan Prize for Life-Time Accomplishments in Optimization, and the SIAM/MOS 2015 George B. Dantzig Prize. In 2018, he was awarded, jointly with his coauthor John Tsitsiklis, the INFORMS John von Neumann Theory Prize, for the contributions of the research monographs "Parallel and Distributed Computation" and "Neuro-Dynamic Programming". In 2001, he was elected to the United States National Academy of Engineering for "pioneering contributions to fundamental research, practice and education of optimization/control theory, and especially its application to data communication networks." His current work focuses on reinforcement learning, artificial intelligence, optimization, linear and nonlinear programming, data communication networks, parallel and distributed computation. Bertsekas has held faculty positions with the Engineering-Economic Systems Dept., Stanford University (1971-1974) and the Electrical Engineering Dept. of the University of Illinois, Urbana (1974-1979). Since 1979 he has been at the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Department of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (M.I.T.), where he is currently McAfee Professor of Engineering. In 2019, he was also appointed Fulton Chair of Computational Decision Making at the School of  Computing and Augmented Intelligence at Arizona State University, Tempe, while maintaining a research position at MIT. His research spans several fields, including optimization, control, large-scale computation, and data communication networks, and is closely tied to his teaching and book authoring activities. He has written numerous research papers, and seventeen books and research monographs, several of which are used as textbooks in MIT classes. Bertsekas' recent books are "Introduction to Probability: 2nd Edition" (2008), "Convex Optimization Theory" (2009), "Dynamic Programming and Optimal Control," Vol. I, (2017), and Vol. II: (2012), "Abstract Dynamic Programming" (2018), "Convex Optimization Algorithms" (2015), and "Reinforcement Learning and Optimal Control" (2019), all published by Athena Scientific.
Name:Vernon Blackledge		 Bio:Vernon Blackledge is an Emeritus Professor. He was a member of Electrical and Computer Engineering (ECE) for many years before the Department of Computer Science and Engineering (CSE) was formed. He moved to CSE when ECE became Electrical Engineering in 1984. In ECE, Blackledge operated a minicomputer, microprogramming and interfaces laboratory that built systems to do sensing, control and a good deal of work in voice and speech recognition. He was very effective working one-on-one with his students in the laboratory -- so much so that occasionally he even forgot to go to class until it was half over. During his time as a faculty member in CSE, he concentrated especially on teaching lower division courses and an occasional upper divison course in the computer interfaces area.
Name:Nadya Bliss		 Bio:Dr. Nadya T. Bliss is the executive director of the Global Security Initiative (GSI) at Arizona State University (ASU). In this capacity, she leads a pan-university organization advancing research, education and other programming in support of national and global security. Bliss is an experienced leader of science and technology organizations with over two decades of experience in the defense, security and higher education sectors. She has demonstrated expertise in leading and growing mission-focused research organizations, strategic planning and organizational design. She has an in-depth knowledge of the technology transition pipeline, as well as significant experience identifying advanced research capabilities to address mission and application needs. She has more than 80 publications to her credit, holds two patents, and is a sought-after invited speaker around topics related to technology development and national security. She has appeared on PBS and NPR, and in the Christian Science Monitor, Phoenix Business Journal and CIO Review. GSI serves as ASU’s main interface with the DoD, the Intelligence Community (IC) and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS). GSI is home to the Center for Cybersecurity and Trusted Foundations, the Center for Human, Artificial Intelligence and Robot Teaming, a DHS Center of Excellence, and the Center on Narrative, Disinformation and Strategic Influence. GSI’s team includes approximately over 200 faculty affiliates and employees. GSI core research programs contribute approximately $30M to ASU’s annual external research expenditures. Actively involved in service boards and national committees, Bliss currently serves as chair of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency Information Science and Technology study group (DARPA ISAT), and vice-chair of the Computing Community Consortium.  She also serves on the National Academies Climate Security Roundtable and the National Academies Forum on Cyber Resilience. Prior to leading GSI, Bliss was Assistant Vice President, Research Strategy at ASU and spent a decade in various positions at MIT Lincoln Laboratory, most recently as the founding Group Leader of the Computing and Analytics Group. In that role, she oversaw all of the laboratory’s high-performance computing, along with a portfolio of programs focused on advanced analytics and computer architectures for DoD and IC mission needs. Bliss is the recipient of the inaugural MIT Lincoln Laboratory Early Career Technical Achievement award. This recognition is bestowed annually to two recipients under the age of 35. She was selected for her work in parallel computing, computer architectures and graph processing algorithms, and for her exceptional leadership in anomaly detection in graph-based data. She is also the recipient of the R&D100 award for her work on PVTOL: Parallel Vector Tile Optimizing Library. Bliss holds a Professor of Practice appointment (and is a member of Graduate Faculty) in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence and is a Senior Global Futures Scientist in the Julie Ann Wrigley Global Futures Laboratory. She received bachelor’s and master’s degrees in Computer Science from Cornell University, and earned her doctorate in Applied Mathematics for the Life and Social Sciences (Complex Adaptive Systems Science) from Arizona State University.
Name:Chris Bryan		 Bio:I am an assistant professor at Arizona State University in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence (SCAI), joining fall 2018. I received my doctorate from the Department of Computer Science at the University of California, Davis under the direction of Dr. Kwan-Liu Ma. My primary research is in the areas of information visualization and human-computer interaction.
Name:Kevin Burger		 Bio:Kevin Burger joined Arizona State University in 2007. Before that he was a faculty member at Rockhurst University in Kansas City, MO for seven years, at Missouri Western State University in St. Joseph, MO for two years, and Pittsburg State University in Pittsburg, KS for two years. Prior to his teaching career he worked for nine years as a software engineer at AlliedSignal Aerospace (now Honeywell), Garmin International, the University of Kansas Medical Center, and TouchNet Information Systems, where he also consulted for two years. He is an Assistant Teaching Professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence in the Ira A. Fulton Schools of Engineering. 
Name:K. Selçuk Candan		 Bio:K. Selcuk Candan is a professor of computer science and engineering at the Arizona State University. He joined ASU in August 1997, after receiving his doctorate from the Computer Science Department at the University of Maryland at College Park. He has worked extensively on the integration and presentation of heterogeneous and distributed information and information sources. His research interests include multimedia and web data management. His current research projects include quality adaptive data processing and indexing for sensory data, distributed data management and Internet technologies for efficient dynamic content delivery, and adaptive information management for creating technologies helping blind individuals. His research projects are funded by the National Science Foundation, Department of Defense, and Department of Education (Rehabilitation Services Administration). He has published more than 80 articles in respected journals and conferences in related areas. He served in the organization and program committees of various international conferences. Most recently, he is an editorial board member of the Very Large Databases (VLDB) journal and the Journal of Multimedia.  
Name:Zhichao Cao		 Bio:Zhichao Cao is an assistant professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence at Arizona State University. He leads the Intelligent Data Infrastructure (IDI) research lab, where he conducts research in the areas of database systems (e.g., key-value stores, graph databases, and timeseries databases), storage systems (e.g., file systems, cloud storage, and deduplication systems), and next-generation data infrastructure (e.g., disaggregated infrastructure, computing-in-X, and wireless datacenter). His research interests also lie in the design and development of data management systems for new storage technologies, such as SMR, IMR, NVM, ZNS, and DNA. Moreover, Prof. Cao's research also encompasses big data systems, with a focus on the development of query engines for large-scale scientific computing in HPC and storage solutions for AI/ML platforms. Prior to joining ASU, Prof. Cao worked as a research scientist at Facebook, where he contributed to storage and database research from 2018 to 2021. He earned his bachelor's degree in Automation from Tsinghua University in 2013 and his doctoral degree in Computer Science from the University of Minnesota, Twin Cities, in 2020. [Important Notice] I'm now recruiting highly motivated graduate and undergraduate students (including 2 Ph.D. students starting from 2024 Spring or Fall). If you are interested in databases, storage systems, data infrastructure, and new data persisting techniques, please send your CV and statements to Zhichao.Cao@asu.edu.
Name:Yinong Chen		 Bio:Yinong Chen is a teaching professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence in the Ira A. Fulton Schools of Engineering at Arizona State University. He received his doctorate from the University of Karlsruhe / Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT), Germany, in 1993. He did postdoctoral research at Karlsruhe and at LAAS-CNRS in France in 1994 and 1995. From 1994 to 2000, he was a lecturer and then senior lecturer in the School of Computer Science at the University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg, South Africa. Chen joined Arizona State University in 2001. He's (co-) authored more than 10 textbooks and over 500 research papers. He is on the editorial boards of several journals, including Journal of Artificial Intelligence and Technology, Journal of Systems and Software, Simulation Modeling Practice and Theory, and International Journal of Simulation and Process Modelling. Chen's areas of expertise include: Software Engineering, Service-Oriented Computing, Visual Programming, Big data Processing and Machine Learning, Robotics and AI, and Computer Science Education.
Name:Charles Colbourn		 Bio:Charles Colbourn is a professor of computer science and engineering in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence of  in the Ira A. Fulton Schools of Engineering at Arizona State University. He joined ASU in 2001. He previously held faculty positions at the University of Saskatchewan and the University of Waterloo, and was the Dorothean Professor of Computer Science at the University of Vermont. He is co-editor of the CRC "Handbook of Combinatorial Designs" and author of "Triple Systems and The Combinatorics of Network Reliability," both from Oxford University Press. He is editor-in-chief of the Journal of Combinatorial Designs. He has more than 300 refereed journal papers, primarily concerning applications of combinatorial designs in networking, computing, and communications. He is the recipient of the 2003 Euler Medal for Lifetime Achievement in Research.
Name:James Collofello		 Bio:Jim Collofello serves as vice dean of academic and student affairs and has held this position since 2006. In this capacity, he leads the school’s student recruitment and retention, career development and placement, K-12 programming, new curriculum development, accreditation and oversight of Fulton Difference programming. The Fulton Difference consists of innovative programs operated at scale to provide students with opportunities to develop and enhance their research, leadership, project development and entrepreneurship skills. Major Fulton Difference programs include engineering student organizations, Fulton Undergraduate Research Initiative (FURI), Fulton Grand Challenge Scholars Program (GCSP), Undergraduate Teaching Assistant (UGTA) program and Engineering Projects in Community Service (EPICS). Collofello is also a professor of computer science and software engineering. His teaching and research interests lie in the software engineering area with an emphasis on software project management and software quality assurance. He has been heavily involved with local software development firms in addressing their applied research and education needs. Professor Collofello is also involved in research addressing engineering retention.
Name:Jedidiah Crandall		 Bio:https://jedcrandall.github.io/
Name:Partha Dasgupta		 Bio:Associate Professor Partha Dasgupta joined ASU in 1991. Prior to ASU, he held an appointment with Georgia Tech. He held visiting faculty positions at New York University in 1993-1994 and 1998-1999. National Science Foundation, DARPA and other sources have consistently funded Dasgupta’s research. Website: http://parthad.com  
Name:Hasan Davulcu		 Bio:Dr. Hasan Davulcu is a professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence at Arizona State University. Dr. Davulcu developed patented AI and machine learning algorithms to mine information from multi-lingual text, image and video sources on social networks. His research in data mining and machine learning were published at Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) and IEEE Computer Society conferences and journals. His sociocultural modeling work in US DOD Minerva Research Initiative funded "Funding Allies for the War of Words'' project was recognized with a 2011 HSCB Focus Exceptional Scientific Achievement Award by the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering OASD (R&E). He is currently the PI of an NSF Partnership for Innovation (PFI:BIC) grant focusing on behavioral analytics for detecting financial fraud and PI of a DoD Minerva Research Initiative project titled "New Analytics for Measuring and Countering Social Influence and Persuasion of Extremist Groups''. Davulcu holds a B.S. degree in mathematics from the Middle East Technical University (METU), Turkey and, M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in computer science from Stony Brook University, New York. He is co-founder & CTO of ARTIS MAGI -- a startup developing and deploying highly complex and proprietary algorithms derived from social science and artificial intelligence to pinpoint pivotal target audiences and sway them in desirable directions.
Name:Yuli Deng		 Bio:Dr. Yuli Deng is an Assistant Teaching Professor at GOEE and SCAI in ASU. His research interests include adaptive learning technology in cybersecurity education and the advancement of cybersecurity technologies through the application of multi-disciplinary approaches such as artificial intelligence and machine learning. He received his doctoral degree in Computer Science from Arizona State University in 2021.
Name:Adam Doupé		 Bio:Adam Doupé is an Associate Professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence (SCAI) and is the Director of the Center for Cybersecurity and Trusted Foundations (CTF) at Arizona State University. Prior to joining ASU, he received a master's degree (2009) and doctorate (2014) in computer science from University of California in Santa Barbara. His research interests include cybercrime, vulnerability analysis, web security, mobile security, network security, and hacking competitions. He was awarded the Best Teacher Award and Outstanding Assistant Professor Award in the Fulton Schools of Engineering at ASU in 2017, and he received the National Science Foundation (NSF) CAREER award in 2017.
Name:Xuerong Feng		 Bio:Xuerong Feng joined Arizona State University in 2008, where she is currently an associate teaching professor of the computer science and engineering program in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence. From 2005 to 2008, she was a tenure track assistant professor of the computer science department at Valdosta State University, Georgia. Also, she has five years of industry experience in Singapore. She received her doctorate in Computer Science in 2005 from University of Texas, Dallas. Feng's general research interests are on algorithm design and analysis, including network, Bioinformatics algorithms. etc.
Name:Stephanie Forrest		 Bio:Forrest is a Professor of Computer Science in SCAI, and she directs the Biodesign Center for Biocomputation, Security and Society. She is a computer scientist who studies the biology of computation and computation in biology, including biological modeling of immunological processes and evolutionary diseases, cybersecurity, software engineering, and evolutionary computation.   Website: https://profsforrest.github.io/homepage/
Name:Samira Ghayekhloo		 Bio:Samira Ghayekhloo is a Assistant teaching professor at the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence in Arizona State University-Tempe since Fall 2019. She earned her PhD in Artificial Intelligence and has over ten years of teaching experience in AI courses including Knowledge Representation, Expert Systems, Data Mining, and Machine Learning. Before joining ASU, Samira served as an Assistant Professor at Azad University, Iran, in the Department of Computer Engineering for three years. During her tenure, she mentored numerous graduate and undergraduate students and provided advisory guidance for their final projects. 
Name:Jeffrey Goss		 Bio:Jeffrey Goss serves a multi-faceted role as Associate Vice Provost/SE Asia and as the Executive Director for the Office of Global Outreach and Extended Education and Assistant Dean in the Ira A. Fulton Schools of Engineering at Arizona State University. Mr. Goss has more than 25 years of experience in professional and executive education collectively at University of Maryland, George Washington University, University of Michigan, and Arizona State University. At ASU's Fulton School of Engineering, Mr. Goss leads Global Engagement, ASU Engineering Online graduate degree programs, and Executive/Professional Development programs. In this role, he has led the development of the engineering digital immersion capabilities which now offer over 15 online undergraduate and graduate degree certificates for over 7,000 learners. His research areas include global workforce development learning models and the development and application of new technologies and distributed-media-immersion models for adult learning. Since 2010, Mr. Goss has been the Principal Investigator/Project Director for a portfolio of STEM capacity projects in Vietnam with grants exceeding $30M through public-private partnerships with USAID, U.S. State Department, UKAID and industry. These include the Vietnam Higher Engineering Education Alliance Program (HEEAP); Vietnam Vocational-University Leadership Innovation Institute (VULII), BUILD-IT (Building University-Industry Learning and Development through Innovation and Technology); Youth in Southeast Asia Leadership Institutes and the Lower Mekong Initiative Young Scientist Program.  These projects collectively contribute to building a high-quality and innovative workforce by improving STEM K-12 and University programs through university-industry-government national and regional partnerships. He received his BS in Public Relations and Management from Central Michigan University (Mt. Pleasant, MI) and Master of Arts Degree in Higher Education Administration from George Washington University (Washington, DC). In 2015, he received a Honorary Doctorate from Ho Chi Minh University of Technology and Education recognizing his contributions to improving STEM Higher Education in Vietnam. Under Mr. Goss' direction, thousands of global engineering professionals from various corporate organizations have advanced their companies and employee's careers with training through executive seminars, certifications.  
Name:Sandeep Gupta		 Bio:Sandeep Gupta received his doctorate from The Ohio State University in 1995. He is currently a professor and director of the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence in the Ira A. Fulton Schools of Engineering. His areas of expertise include cyber-physical systems, green and sustainable computing, mobile and pervasive computing, and parallel and distributed computing.
Name:Dianne Hansford		 Bio:Dianne Hansford is an Assistant Teaching Professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence (SCAI). She regularly teaches geometric modeling, computer graphics, math for informatics, and other fundamental courses in the informatics program. Dianne's research interests are in the fields of geometric modeling and scientific visualization. The focus of her work has been on industrial curve and surface applications related to mathematical definitions of shape. She has applied this work as a consultant in the CAD/CAM industry and co-founded 3D Compression Technologies. With Gerald Farin, Hansford has co-authored three books "The Essentials of CAGD," "Practical Linear Algebra A Geometry Toolbox" and "Mathematical Principles for Scientific Computing and Visualization." Dianne was an ARCS Scholar and Fulbright Research Scholar in Germany. She is a member of the Society of Industrial and Applied Mathematicians (SIAM), Sigma Xi Research Society, the Fulbright Association, Upsilon Pi Epsilon Computer Science Honor Society.
Name:Rakibul Hasan		 Bio:I am an assistant professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence at ASU.
Name:Zilin Jiang		 Bio:
Name:Subbarao Kambhampati		 Bio:Subbarao Kambhampati is a professor of computer science at Arizona State University. Kambhampati studies fundamental problems in planning and decision making, motivated in particular by the challenges of human-aware AI systems. He is a fellow of Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence, American Association for the Advancement of Science,  and Association for Computing machinery, and was an NSF Young Investigator. He was the president of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence, trustee of International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence, and a founding board member of Partnership on AI. Kambhampati’s research as well as his views on the progress and societal impacts of AI have been featured in multiple national and international media outlets. He writes a column on the societal and policy implications of the advances in Artificial Intelligence for The Hill. URL rakaposhi.eas.asu.edu Twitter @rao2z He can be followed on Twitter @rao2z.
Name:Michel A. Kinsy		 Bio:Michel Kinsy is an associate professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence and the director of the Secure, Trusted, and Assured Microelectronics Center. He focuses his research on microelectronics security, secure processors and systems design, hardware security, and efficient hardware design and implementation of post-quantum cryptography systems. Kinsy is an MIT Presidential Fellow and a CRA-WP Inaugural Skip Ellis Career Award recipient.
Name:Yoshihiro Kobayashi		 Bio:Yoshihiro Kobayashi received doctorate from University of California-Los Angeles in 2001 - majoring in architecture with a minor in computer science. His research focuses on 3D city modeling using soft computing and photogrammetry technologies. He has practical experiences as an architect, computer animation designer and senior software programmer. He is a senior lecturer in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence  (SCAI) at Arizona State University. At ASU, he completed several interdisciplinary research projects funded with more than $100K and advised master's and doctoral students from the architecture, urban planning, design and art, electric engineering and computer science programs. Outside of ASU, Kobayashi has chaired several symposiums and workshops and also organized an international research group with 16 professors who are exploring methods for virtual reality (VR) urban modeling and visualization. He has published more than 50 technical and design papers on design computation in architecture. Kobayashi currently teaches game development courses as a focal coordinator for the Game Certificate program at SCAI.
Name:Heewook Lee		 Bio:Heewook Lee is an assistant professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence and the Biodesign Institute’s Center for Biocomputing, Security and Society. His research interest lies broadly in computational biology, focusing on genetic variation. His current research develops computational techniques to study largely varying types of immunological components in organisms. Prior to joining ASU, he was a Lane Fellow in the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University.
Name:Joohyung Lee		 Bio:Associate Professor Joohyung Lee joined the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence at Arizona State University in 2005 after receiving his doctorate from the University of Texas at Austin. His research is in Artificial Intelligence. He is interested in designing and building intelligent systems, which can perform automated reasoning based on the knowledge represented in formal languages, handling open-ended tasks intelligently by “thinking.” He is leading the Automated Reasoning Group at ASU, whose research has been continuously supported by National Science Foundation, DTO, IARPA and ETRI.
Name:Kookjin Lee		 Bio:Kookjin Lee is an assistant professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence. He studies scientific machine learning, an interdisciplinary area including deep learning, computational physics and applied mathematics. In particular, he is interested in deep learning for dynamical systems and spatiotemporal process modeling. One of his papers has been recognized as one of the best cited papers in a premier computational physics journal in 2020.
Name:William Lewis		 Bio:Bill Lewis joined Arizona State University in 1965 and became the founding chair of the Department of Computer Science and Engineering in the fall of 1980. He assumed the role of associate dean of the College of Engineering and Applied Sciences in the fall of 1985. In July 1993, he accepted the position of vice provost for information technology. Lewis assumed the position of Chief Information Officer and vice provost in January of 2003 and continued in that position until June 2006. Lewis is currently CIO Emeritus Professor in the School of Computing, Informatics and Decision Systems Engineering at ASU.
Name:Huan Liu		 Bio:Dr. Huan Liu is a Regents professor of computer science and engineering with the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence in the Ira A. Fulton Schools of Engineering, at Arizona State University. He obtained his Ph.D. in Computer Science at University of Southern California and B.Eng. in Computer Science and Electrical Engineering at Shanghai JiaoTong University. Before he joined ASU, he worked at Telecom Australia Research Labs and was on the faculty at National University of Singapore. At Arizona State University, he was recognized for excellence in teaching and research in Computer Science and Engineering and received the 2014 President's Award for Innovation. His research interests are in data mining, machine learning, social computing, and artificial intelligence, investigating interdisciplinary problems that arise in many real-world, data-intensive applications with high-dimensional data of disparate forms such as social media. His well-cited publications include books, book chapters, encyclopedia entries as well as conference and journal papers. He is a co-author of a text, Social Media Mining: An Introduction, Cambridge University Press. He is a founding organizer of the International Conference Series on Social Computing, Behavioral-Cultural Modeling, and Prediction, and Chief Editor of Data Mining and Management in Frontiers in Big Data. He is a Fellow of ACM, AAAI, AAAS, and IEEE. 
Name:Ross Maciejewski		 Bio:Ross Maciejewski is an Ira A. Fulton Professor of Computer Science at Arizona State University in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence and director of the Center for Accelerating Operational Efficiency – a Department of Homeland Security Center of Excellence. His primary research interests are in the areas of geographical visualization and visual analytics focusing on homeland security, public health, dietary analysis, social media, criminal incident reports, and the food-energy-water nexus.  He has served on the organizing committees for the IEEE Conference on Visual Analytics Science and Technology and the IEEE/VGTC EuroVis Conference. Maciejewski is a recipient of an NSF CAREER Award (2014) and was recently named a Fulton Faculty Exemplar and Global Security Fellow at Arizona State. His work has been recognized through a variety of awards at the IEEE Visual Analytics Contest (2010, 2013, 2015), a best paper award in EuroVis 2017, and two honorable mentions at ACM CHI (2018, 2022).
Name:Gerald Mackulak		 Bio:Gerald Mackulak is an Emeritus Professor in the School of Computing, Informatics and Decision Systems Engineering in the Ira A. Fulton Schools of Engineering. He has held positions with the simulation consulting firm of Pritsker & Associates, with Burroughs Corporation as the corporate MIS analyst responsible for the MRP and parts ordering systems, and with U.S. Steel as an industrial engineer. He has also served as the executive associate chair for the Department of Industrial Engineering at ASU. He has a wide range of research and consulting experience having worked with Ernst & Young, Motorola, Digital Equipment, American Express, Bechtel Corp., SGS Semiconductor and Arco Solar, to name a few. Mackulak's major research interest is in the methodological approach for producing efficient simulation models, including both model abstraction and output analysis.
Name:Ryan Meuth		 Bio:Ryan Meuth has been teaching at Arizona State University in the Fulton Schools of Engineering since 2013, with a focusing on Freshman Engineering and the first year experience. Since then, he has additionally served as the course coordinator for the CSE Capstone Program, ASU101-CSE, and FSE100-CSE. Meuth currently serves as a member of the First Year Programming teaching team that develops and supervises all sections and modalities of CSE110 - Principles of Programming and CSE205 - Object Oriented Programming and Data structures. Meuth was awarded the Top 5% Teaching Award in 2014, 2015, 2016, and 2020 as well as the Spirit of EPICS award in Spring 2015. Meuth's research interests are focused on the computer science classroom experience, and how this can be improved for all students. 
Name:Katina Michael		 Bio:Katina Michael is a professor in the School for the Future of Innovation in Society and School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence at Arizona State University. Previously Michael was associate dean international at the University of Wollongong (UOW), Australia, where she was employed in the School of Computing and Information Technology since 2002. She has held visiting academic appointments at Nanjing University (China) and the University of Southampton (U.K.) and has taught at the Singapore Institute of Management, as well as overseeing UOW engineering and information science courses in eight campuses in five countries. She was previously employed as a senior network engineer at Nortel Networks (1996–2001). She has also worked as a systems analyst at Andersen Consulting (1996) and OTIS Elevator Company (1994). Michael has published six edited books, as well as coauthored two 500-page reference volumes: "Innovative Automatic Identification and Location Based Services: from Bar Codes to Chip Implants," co-authored with MG Michael (Hershey, PA: IGI, 2009), and "Uberveillance: Social Implications" (Hershey, PA: IGI, 2014), co-edited with MG Michael. She has written more than 200 peer-reviewed papers. She researches predominantly in the area of emerging technologies, and has secondary interests in technologies used for national security and their corresponding social implications. Katina has been the guest editor of fourteen special issues including the Proceedings of the IEEE, Computer, IEEE Robotics & Automation Magazine, IEEE Potentials, Journal of Location-Based Services, Computer Communications, Electronic Commerce Research, and Prometheus. She was the editor-in-chief of the IEEE Technology and Society Magazine (2012-2017), and has been senior editor for IEEE Consumer Electronics Magazine since 2015. In 2017, Michael was awarded the Brian M. O’Connell Distinguished Service Award from the Society for the Social Implications of Technology. She is the founding editor-in-chief of the IEEE Transactions on Technology and Society, which will be launched in 2020.
Name:Ariane Middel		 Bio:Ariane Middel’s research interests lie in the interdisciplinary field of urban climate with focus on climate-sensitive urban form, design, landscapes, and infrastructure in the face of extreme heat and climatic uncertainty. For the past decade, Middel has advanced the field of urban climate science through applied and solutions-oriented research employing quantitative and qualitative field observations, local and microscale climate modeling, and geovisualization to investigate sustainability challenges related to heat, thermal comfort, Urban Heat Islands, water use, energy use, and human-climate interactions in cities. Her ongoing research is focused on developing better models and metrics to quantify urban heatscapes as they are experienced by pedestrians. She currently develops a thermal comfort model based on an innovative big data approach using Street View data, deep learning, and novel environmental sensing techniques such as the biometeorological MaRTy cart. Middel directs the SHaDE Lab at ASU and is an active member of the Urban Climate Research Center (UCRC) and the Central Arizona–Phoenix Long-Term Ecological Research (CAP LTER) program. She is the President of the International Association of Urban Climate (IAUC), the premier international organization for researchers engaged in all aspects of urban climate scholarship. She is also a Board member of the American Meteorological Society (AMS) Built Environment (BUE), a member of the International Society of Biometeorology (ISB), and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). Middel joined the School of Arts, Media and Engineering (AME) as an assistant professor in 2018. She has a joint appointment with the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence (SCAI). Previously, she was an assistant professor in the Department of Geography and Urban Studies at Temple University and an assistant research professor with the School of Geographical Sciences and Urban Planning at ASU. She received her doctorate in computer science (visualization) from a German National Science Foundation-funded international graduate school at University of Kaiserslautern, Germany and holds bachelor's and master's degrees in engineering from University of Bonn, Germany.
Name:Phill Miller		 Bio:Phill Miller joined the Fulton Schools of  Engineering at Arizona State University in 2014 after teaching computer science and software engineering courses for 14 years at the University of Advancing Technology in Tempe, AZ .
Name:Gregory Nielson		 Bio:Gregory M. Nielson has been affiliated with the School of Mathematics and Statistical Sciences since 1970 and is an Emeritus Professor from the School of Computing, Informatics and Decision Systems Engineering at Arizona State University, which he joined in 1983. His research has been continuously funded since his first Office of Naval Research Grant to ASU in 1972.  His research and professional contributions continue to be highly regarded and cited ( "Gregory M. Nielson" into Google usually results in more than one half million hits) Based upon professional statistics (ref. google scholar), Professor Nielson is in the top five percent in all three of the research areas of Visualization, Computer Graphics and Numerical Analysis and in the top 10 percent in the research area of Geometric Modeling. Nielson graduated from Richfield, Utah High School in 1961.* He received his bachelor's degree in 1965 from the University of Utah and imeditately began teaching university courses in mathematics that very same year.  In 1970, he obtained a doctorate and that same year started his teaching and researching career at ASU. *BTW, the number 1961 is strobogrammatic which means that Prof. Nielson can wear his high school ring either way and the year reads correctly for both him and others! The next graduating class that can do this will be in the year 6009! (Possibly Prof. Nielson's Great^160 grandchild will wear such a ring!).
Name:Sethuraman Panchanathan		 Bio:In June, 2020, Dr. Sethuraman “Panch” Panchanathan was appointed by U.S. President Donald Trump as Director of the National Science Foundation. Panch previously spent more than 20 years in leadership positions at Arizona State University, including service as Executive Vice President of ASU’s Knowledge Enterprise and Chief Research and Technology Officer for ASU. He is officially on an extended leave of absence from the university as he devotes his time to advancing the U.S. science and technology agenda on a national and global scale.
Name:David Pheanis		 Bio:David Pheanis is an Emeritus Professor and was one of the founding faculty members of the Department of Computer Science and Engineering (now the School of Computing, Informatics, and Decision Systems Engineering). He taught the microprocessor courses until his retirement from active teaching in 2004. He is the founder and principal of Western Microsystems, and he does research and development in embedded systems, real-time data acquisition and VoIP.
Name:Fengbo Ren		 Bio:Fengbo Ren received a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from Zhejiang University in 2008, and his master's and doctoral degrees in electrical engineering from the University of California, Los Angeles, in 2010 and 2014, respectively. He is an Associate Professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence at Arizona State University. He is directing the Parallel Systems and Computing Laboratory (PSCLab), and he is affiliated with the NSF Industry/University Cooperative Research Center for Embedded Systems. His current research interests are focused on algorithm, hardware, and system innovations for data analytics and information processing, with emphasis on bringing energy efficiency and data intelligence into a wide spectrum of today’s computing infrastructures, from data center server systems to wearable and Internet-of-things devices. He is a senior member of both IEEE and ACM. He is a member of the Digital Signal Processing Technical Committee and VLSI Systems & Applications Technical Committee of the IEEE Circuits and Systems Society. Ren received the Broadcom Fellowship in 2012, the prestigious National Science Foundation (NSF) Faculty Early Career Development (CAREER) Award in 2017, the Google Faculty Research Award in 2018. He also received the Top 5 percent Best Teacher Awards from the Fulton Schools of Engineering at ASU in 2017, 2018, and 2019.
Name:Andrea Richa		 Bio:Professor Andrea W. Richa joined Arizona State University (ASU) in 1998. She is currently an Associate Faculty at the Biodesign Institute Center for Biocomputation, Security and Society, CHART at the Global Security Initiative, and the Biomimicry Center at ASU. Professor Richa’s main areas of expertise are in distributed/network algorithms and computing in general. More recently, she has focused on developing the algorithmic foundations on what has been coined as programmable matter, through her work on self-organizing particle systems (SOPS) (see sops.engineering.asu.edu ). Her work has been widely cited, and includes, besides SOPS,  work on bio-inspired distributed algorithms, distributed load balancing, packet routing, wireless network modeling and topology control, wireless jamming, data mule networks, underwater optical networking, and distributed hash tables (DHTs). Richa received the 2017 Best Senior Researcher award from the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence (SCAI) and the 2021 ASU Faculty Women's Association (FWA) Outstanding Faculty Mentor Award. She was the recipient of an NSF CAREER Award in 1999, an associate editor of IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing, and the keynote speaker and program\general chair of several prestigious conferences. In particular, Professor Richa was the Program Committee chair of the 31st International Symposium on Distributed Computing (DISC), 2017, one of the top two conferences in distributed computing. Richa has also delivered several invited talks both nationally and internationally. In 2022, Richa was named President's Professor, one of the highest honors at Arizona State University.
Name:Hessam Sarjoughian		 Bio:Hessam Sarjoughian is an associate professor of computer science and computer engineering in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence. His research has been funded by NSF, Northrop Grumman, Lockheed Martin, Intel, and Boeing at ASU. Prior to ASU, his research was supported by DARPA and NSF. Dr. Sarjoughian's professional engineering experience has been with Honeywell and IBM, spanning nearly five years. He has been integral to interdisciplinary and transdisciplinary national and international projects. Sarjoughian has been leading and developing modeling and simulation frameworks and tools at ASU, including the flagship DEVS-Suite simulator, serving research and development at the science and engineering frontiers. His research has received four Technical Best-Paper Awards, two Runner-up Technical Best-Paper Awards, and the Best Poster Award at the 2020 Winter Simulation Conference. Sarjoughian has graduated more than sixty masters and doctoral students in Computer Science and Computer Engineering. He co-directs the Arizona Center for Integrative Modeling and Simulation.
Name:Mohamed Sarwat		 Bio:Mohamed Sarwat is an assistant professor of computer science, the director of the Data Systems (DataSys) lab, and an affiliate member of the Center for Assured and Scalable Data Engineering (CASCADE) at Arizona State University (ASU). Before joining ASU, Sarwat obtained his master's and doctoral degrees in computer science from the University of Minnesota in 2011 and 2014, respectively. His research interest lies in the broad area of data management systems. Sarwat is a recipient of the University of Minnesota doctoral dissertation fellowship. His research work has been recognized by two best research paper awards in the IEEE 16th International Conference on Mobile Data Management (MDM 2015) and the 12th International Symposium on Spatial and Temporal Databases (SSTD 2011). His vision paper on GeoViz-aware database systems received the Computing Community Consortium (CCC) Blue Sky Ideas award for best vision papers (3rd place) in the 15th International Symposium on Spatial and Temporal Databases (SSTD 2017). His paper on building a scalable location-aware recommender system received a Best of Conference citation in the IEEE 28th International Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE 2012). Sarwat is also the lead architect of GeoSpark (A System For Processing Massive-Scale Geospatial Data in Apache Spark) and RecDB (A Recommendation-based Relational Database System). He is a member of the GeoInformatica journal editorial board and has served as a reviewer / program committee member for major data management and spatial computing venues that include but are not limited to PVLDB, SIGMOD, ICDE, GIS, SSTD, TKDE, TODS, TSAS.
Name:Hasti Seifi		 Bio:Hasti Seifi is an assistant professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence. Previously, she was an assistant professor at the University of Copenhagen. Her research is at the intersection of human-computer interaction, haptics and social robotics. Her work was recognized by a postdoctoral fellowship in 2018 from the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada; the EuroHaptics Best Ph.D. Award (2017); and a Maria Klawe award for her efforts in computer science diversity and outreach (2017).
Name:Justin Selgrad		 Bio:Justin Selgrad became an assistant teaching professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence at Arizona State University in 2015. His research interests include game mechanics, path planning, perception and game AI.
Name:Arunabha Sen		 Bio:Professor Arunabha Sen joined ASU in 1987. Sen’s teaching focuses on networks and algorithms. His research looks at resource optimization problems in telecommunication networks. He also works on physical design of VLSI circuits, hardware-software co-design and network security. His research interests include resource optimization in optical, wireless and sensor networks, video transmission over mobile ad-hoc networks, network processors, system/network on chip design, combinatorial optimization, algorithm design and analysis.
Name:Paulo Shakarian		 Bio:Paulo Shakarian, Ph.D. is a tenured Associate Professor at the Fulton Schools of Engineering at Arizona State University.  He specializes in artificial intelligence and machine learning – publishing numerous scientific books and papers.  Shakarian was named a “KDD Rising Star,” received the Air Force Young Investigator award, received multiple “best paper” awards and has been featured in major news media outlets such as CNN and The Economist.  Paulo also co-founded and led the startup company Cyber Reconnaissance, Inc. – which was the first commercial solution to use machine learning to predict future exploits.  The company raised over $8 million in venture capital, obtained over 80 customers, and was eventually acquired by Cyber Security Works.  Earlier in his career, Paulo was an officer in the U.S. Army where he served two combat tours in Iraq, earning a Bronze Star and the Army Commendation Medal for Valor.  During his military career, Paulo also served as a DARPA Fellow and as an advisor to IARPA.  He holds a Ph.D. and M.S. in computer science from the University of Maryland, College Park, and a B.S. in computer science from West Point.
Name:Yan Shoshitaishvili		 Bio:Yan Shoshitaishvili is an Assistant Professor at Arizona State University, where he pursues parallel passions of cybersecurity research, real-world impact, and education. His research focuses on automated program analysis and vulnerability detection techniques. Aside from publishing dozens of research papers in top academic venues, Yan led Shellphish’s participation in the DARPA Cyber Grand Challenge, achieving the creation of a fully autonomous hacking system that won third place in the competition. Underpinning much of his research is angr, the open-source program analysis framework created by Yan and his collaborators. This framework has powered hundreds of research papers, helped find thousands of security bugs, and continues to be used in research labs and companies around the world. When he is not doing research, Yan participates in the enthusiast and educational cybersecurity communities. He is a Captain Emeritus of Shellphish, one of the oldest ethical hacking groups in the world, and a founder of the Order of the Overflow, with whom he ran DEF CON CTF, the “world championship” of cybersecurity competitions, from 2018 through 2021. Now, he helps demystify the hacking scene as a co-host of the CTF RadiOOO podcast and forge connections between the government and the hacking community through his participation on CISA’s Technical Advisory Council. In order to inspire students to pursue cybersecurity (and, ultimately, compete at DEF CON!), Yan created pwn.college, an open practice-makes-perfect learning platform that is revolutionizing cybersecurity education for aspiring hackers around the world.
Name:Aviral Shrivastava		 Bio:Aviral Shrivastava is a full Professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence (SCAI) at the Arizona State University, where he established and heads the Make Programming Simple Lab. He completed his Ph.D. in Information and Computer Science and from the University of California, Irvine, and bachelor’s in Computer Science and Engineering from IIT Delhi. Prof. Shrivastava’s main theme of research in on making programming simple for embedded and cyber-physical systems. Prof. Shrivastava and his students have proposed novel computer architectures and compiler transformations for hardware error-tolerant computing, multicore computing, accelerated computing. They have also proposed languages, code generation and runtime for expressing and efficiently executing time-sensitive distributed intelligent applications. Prof. Shrivastava has co-authored 1 book, and has contributed chapters in 4 books. He has more than 120 articles and conference papers in top embedded system journals and conferences, like DAC, ESWEEK, ACM TECS, and ACM TCPS. His papers have received several awards, including nomination for best paper at DAC 2017, best student paper award at VLSI 2016, second highest ranked paper at LCTES 2010, and best paper candidate ASPDAC 2008. He published at least one paper every year at DAC (the top conference in the field) in the last decade (2011 to 2019). Overall, his works have received more than 3000 citations, growing at the rate of over 200 citations every year. His i50-index  is 14, i10-index  is 84, and h-index  is 31 (reference Google Scholar). His inventions have been granted 5 patents, and 5 more applications are pending. Prof. Shrivastava is the recipient of the prestigious 2010 NSF CAREER award. His student’s theses were awarded CIDSE outstanding Ph.D. thesis award in 2021 and 2017 and outstanding Master’s thesis awards in 2011 and 2014. Prof. Shrivastava’s research efforts have been supported by federal agencies (NSF, DOE, NIST), state funding agencies (SFAZ), as well as industry. His research portfolio is about $3.5M to date. Prof. Shrivastava has mentored 2 postdocs, 9 Ph.D. students, and over 20 Masters students. His students are very well placed, including a full Professor at UNIST, South Korea, Assistant Professor at SJSU, ARM research lab, Google, Synopsys, Apple (x2), Qualcomm, Cadence etc.) Prof. Shrivastava is currently supervising 3 Ph.D., and 5 Masters students. Prof. Shrivastava teaches undergraduate and graduate level courses on computer organization, computer architecture, and embedded systems, and has student evaluations averaging over 4/5. He revamped the computer organization and computer Architecture courses at ASU to shift the focus towards processor design instead of assembly language programming and included modules about modern multicore architectures. He has redesigned the embedded systems course around projects in which students build an autonomously driving car, culminating in an autonomous car race! Prof. Shrivastava is currently the General Chair of Embedded Systems Week (ESWEEK), which is the top event in the field of Embedded Systems, comprising of several conferences, symposia and workshops. He also serves in the Steering committee of the Languages Compilers, Theory and tools for Embedded Systems (LCTES). Currently, he is the deputy Editor-in-Chief of IEEE Embedded Systems Letters (IEEE ESL), and associate editor for ACM Transactions of Cyber-Physical Systems (ACM TCPS), ACM Transactions Embedded Computing Systems (ACM TECS), and the IEEE Transactions on Computer Aided Design (IEEE TCAD). Previously he has served as the program chair of CODES+ISSS 2017 and 2018, LCTES 2019, and chair of the Design and Applications track of RTSS 2020.
Name:Siddharth Srivastava		 Bio:Please visit Prof. Srivastava's research website here.
Name:Vijay Suthar		 Bio:
Name:Violet Syrotiuk		 Bio:Violet Syrotiuk is an associate professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence at Arizona State University. She studies complex engineered networks. One of her interests is medium access control (MAC) protocols for wireless networks and their implementation on the new programmable radio platforms. Another major interest is in dynamic optimization of the radio and/or network parameters to find the best configuration given the wireless network's operating environment. Her work has been funded by NSF, DARPA, LANL, Raytheon, Raytheon BBN, General Dynamics, and DSTO (Australia). She serves on the editorial boards of the journals Computer Networks (Elsevier) and Computer Communications (Elsevier), and on the technical program committees of major conferences sponsored by the IEEE and ACM.
Name:Farideh Tadayon-Navabi		 Bio:Farideh Tadayon-Navabi is a principal lecturer in the School of Computing, Informatics, and Decision System Engineering.  Prior to ASU, she held a teaching position at University of Louisiana in Monroe. Tadayon-Navabi’s interested in improving the undergraduate program curriculum. She works on developing strategies to help students succeed in introductory courses and to retain students in the program. Her research focuses on computer science education, programming languages and software development.
Name:Ni Trieu		 Bio:
Name:Wei-Tek Tsai		 Bio:
Name:Joseph Urban		 Bio:Joseph E. Urban is professor emeritus of computer science at Arizona State University. He has worked at Texas Tech University, the University of Miami, the University of Louisiana at Lafayette, and part-time at the University of South Carolina while with the U. S. Army Signal Center. He served as a program director in the U.S. National Science Foundation on an Intergovernmental Personnel Act mobility assignment within the Division of Computing and Communication Foundations of the Directorate for Computer and Information Science and Engineering and as the deputy division director in the Division of Computer and Network Systems.  He has published 136 conference, journal and book chapter publications. He has supervised 85 graduate student doctoral dissertations, master’s theses, master’s projects and master’s scholarly papers. He has supervised the development of nine software specification languages. His research areas include software engineering, executable specification languages, prototyping software systems, web-based software tools, cybersecurity, computer languages, data engineering, and distributed computing. His research efforts have been supported through industry, state, and federal sources. He served on the Air Force Studies Board (AFSB) of the National Research Council and was a member of two AFSB software engineering studies and one AFSB robotics study. He is an ABET program evaluator in computer science. He was the IEEE Computer Society’s International Federation for Information Processing (IFIP) Technical Committee (TC) 2 – Software: Theory and Practice representative.  He was a member of the Mississippi State University College of Engineering and Department of Computer Science and Engineering Advisory Boards. He chaired the IEEE Computer Society Technical Committee on Distributed Processing.  He was twice elected to the IEEE Computer Society Board of Governors, chair of the Awards Committee, and a Computer Society representative on the IEEE Publications Board and Technical Activities Board's Finance Committee. He was elected the Computer Society's second and first vice president responsible for conferences and tutorials, and treasurer and Finance Committee chair.  He initiated and chaired the IEEE Computer Society's Technical Committee on Computer Languages and chaired the Publications Planning Committee. He chaired and lectured in the Computer Society Chapter Tutorials and Distinguished Visitors Programs. In addition, he served as general chair / co-chair for ten conferences and program chair / co-chair for seven conferences. He also served on the Editorial Boards of IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering, IEEE Expert, World Scientific International Journal of Software Engineering & Knowledge Engineering, ACTA Press International Journal of Software Engineering, and as a guest editor for six special issues of journals. He has received the Computer Society’s Meritorious and Distinguished Service Awards, a Distinguished Professor Award while at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette, and an Association for Computing Machinery Doctoral Dissertation Award.
Name:Kurt VanLehn		 Bio:Kurt VanLehn is the Diane and Gary Tooker Chair for Effective Education in Science, Technology, Engineering and Math in the Ira A. Fulton Schools of Engineering at Arizona State University. He received a doctorate from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1983 in computer science, was a postdoctoral fellowship at BBN and Xerox PARC, joined the faculty of Carnegie-Mellon University in 1985, moved to the University of Pittsburgh in 1990 and joined ASU in 2008. He founded and co-directed two large National Sciences Foundation research centers (Circle; the Pittsburgh Science of Learning Center). He has published more than 125 peer-reviewed publications, is a fellow in the Cognitive Science Society, and is on the editorial boards of Cognition and Instruction and the International Journal of Artificial Intelligence in Education. VanLehn's research focuses on intelligent tutoring systems, classroom orchestration systems, and other intelligent interactive instructional technology.
Name:Sarma Vrudhula		 Bio:Sarma Vrudhula is a professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence  at Arizona State University. He received a bachelor's degree in mathematics from the University of Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, in 1976, majoring in computer science and mathematical statistics. He moved to Venice CA in 1977 and while enrolled as a graduate student at in EE-Systems department at the University of Southern California, worked as a research assistant in USC Information Sciences Institute in Marina Del Rey, CA.  He received his master's and doctoral degrees in electrical engineering from the University of Southern California in 1980 and 1985, respectively. During 1985-1992, he was on the faculty of the EE-Systems department of the University of Southern California. From 1992 to 2005, he was a professor in the Electrical and Computer Engineering department at the University of Arizona. During that period, he was the founding director of the NSF UA/ASU Center for Low Power Electronics. He joined ASU in 2005, and became the director for the Center for Embedded Systems at ASU in 2006, which became an NSF IUCRC Center in 2009.  He became a fellow of the IEEE for “contributions to low power and energy-efficient design of digital circuits and systems.” His work spans several areas in design automation and computer-aided design for digital integrated circuit and systems, focusing on energy management of circuits and systems. Specific topics include: energy optimization of battery powered computing systems and wireless sensor networks; system level dynamic power and thermal management of multicore processors and system-on-chip (SoC); statistical methods for the analysis of process variations; statistical optimization of performance, power and leakage; new circuit architectures of threshold logic circuits for the design of ASICs and FPGAs; technology mapping with threshold logic circuits; the implementation of threshold logic using spintronic devices, and non-Boolean computation in emerging technologies. His teaching experience includes both undergraduate and graduate courses in digital systems design and testing, VLSI design, CAD algorithms for VLSI, advanced synthesis and verification methods, computer architecture, and discrete mathematics.
Name:Ruoyu Wang		 Bio:Ruoyu (Fish) Wang is an assistant professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence at ASU. He conducts research on system security, with focus on automated binary program analysis and reverse engineering of software. He's the co-founder and core developer of the binary analysis platform, angr. He won third place with team Shellphish in the DARPA Cyber Grand Challenge in 2018.
Name:Yalin Wang		 Bio:Professor Yalin Wang joined School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence (SCAI) at Arizona State University in 2010. He took his postdoctoral training in mathematics and neuroimaging at University of California, Los Angeles. Between 2004 and 2008, he was a cofounder and the CTO of Geometric Informatics, Inc., a NIST Advanced Technology Program Award recipient. He was promoted to associate professor in 2017 and received the“2016 Best Junior Faculty Researcher Award” from ASU CIDSE. He has published more than 200 peer-reviewed journal and conference papers. Dr. Wang's research interests include medical imaging, computer vision, machine learning, computer graphics, geometric modeling, and statistical pattern recognition.
Name:Marvin Woodfill		 Bio:Marvin Woodfill joined the ASU faculty in 1966 in electrical engineering and helped to found the Department of Computer Science and Engineering in 1980. He retired from ASU in 1999, earning the title of Professor Emeritus. He began consulting for the City of Prescott in 1979, where he still consults today. Marvin Woodfill Career Highlights:
Name:Guoliang Xue		 Bio:Guoliang (Larry) Xue is a professor of computer Science and engineering in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence at Arizona State University. He received his doctorate in computer science from the University of Minnesota in 1991 and has held previous positions at the Army High Performance Computing Research Center and the University of Vermont. His research interests include resource allocation, survivability and security of computer networks, with applications to Cloud Computing, Internet of Things (IoT), Crowdsourcing, and Sensor Networks. He has published more than 300 papers in these areas. His research has been continuously supported by federal agencies including NSF, ARO and DOE. He was elevated to IEEE Fellow (Class of 2011), and served as the vice president of the IEEE Communications Society in charge of conferences from January 2016 to December 2017. He also served on the Fellow Evaluation Committee of the IEEE Communications Society in years 2016, 2017 and 2018. Xue received many Best Paper Awards from various IEEE conferences. He was a Keynote Speaker in IFIP WWIC2018, IEEE ICNC2014, and IEEE LCN2011. He has been cited for more than 13,000 times (according to Google Scholar), including one paper with 1,700+ citations, three papers with 600+ citations each, six papers with 400+ citations each, and 28 papers with 100+ citations each.  
Name:Yezhou Yang		 Bio:Dr. 'YZ' Yezhou Yang, is a tenured Associate professor in computer science and engineering in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence at Arizona State University. He earned his doctorate in computer science in 2016 from the University of Maryland at College Park. His dissertation research on computational tools and the underlying mechanisms of robotic manipulation actions has been featured in MIT Technology Review, IEEE Spectrum, Time magazine and the Washington Post. Yang’s research interests also include computer vision, autonomous intelligent robots and artificial intelligence.
Name:Yingzhen Yang		 Bio:Yingzhen Yang is an assistant professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence. His research interests lie in statistical machine learning, deep learning, optimization for machine learning and theoretical computer science. Recent works include optimization and generalization analysis of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs), compression of DNNs and AutoML. He was a best paper finalist at the European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV) 2016 and received the 2010 Carnegie Institute of Technology Dean’s Tuition Fellowship.
Name:Stephen Yau		 Bio:Professor Stephen S. Yau joined ASU in 1994. He is a professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence. He was professor and chair of the Department of Computer and Information Sciences at the University of Florida from 1988 to 1994. In 1961, he joined the faculty of Northwestern University, Evanston, Ill., and later became the Walter P. Murphy Professor and Chair of the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science there. He has published more than 210 journal and conference papers and his research has been supported by NSF, AFRL, ONR, ARO, NIH and companies including Hitachi and Fujitsu.
Name:Yu Zhang		 Bio:Yu (Tony) Zhang, an assistant professor in computer science and engineering in the School for Computing and Augmented Intelligence at Arizona State University. He earned his master’s degree and doctorate in computer science from the University of Tennessee, Knoxville. Previously, Zhang worked as a postdoctoral research scholar and a research assistant professor at Arizona State University. Zhang’s research interests include distributed robot systems, human-robot interaction, multi-agent systems, human-aware planning, multi-agent planning and automated planning and scheduling.
Name:Ming Zhao		 Bio:Ming Zhao is an associate professor of the Arizona State University (ASU) School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence (SCAI), where he directs the research laboratory for Virtualized Infrastructures, Systems, and Applications (VISA). His research is in the areas of experimental computer systems, including distributed/cloud, big-data, and high-performance systems as well as operating systems and storage in general. He is also interested in the interdisciplinary studies that bridge computer systems research with other domains. His work has been funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF), Department of Homeland Security, Department of Defense, Department of Energy, and industry companies, and his research outcomes have been adopted by several production systems in industry. Zhao is a recipient of the NSF Faculty Early Career Development (CAREER) award, the Air Force Summer Faculty Fellowship, the VMware Faculty Award, and the Best Paper Award of the IEEE International Conference on Autonomic Computing. He received his bachelor’s and master’s degrees from Tsinghua University, and his doctorate from University of Florida.
Name:Jia Zou		 Bio:Jia Zou is a Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in the School of Computing and Augmented Intelligence, Arizona State University - Tempe, starting in fall 2019. She is also the director of the CACTUS data-intensive systems lab founded in the summer of 2020. Before that, she was a Research Scientist in the Department of Computer Science of Rice University, Houston, TX, and before that she worked in IBM Research - China as a researcher. She received her Ph.D in Computer Science from Tsinghua University, China. Jia Zou received a prestigious NSF CAREER award in 2022, an Amazon Research Award in 2023, and an IBM faculty award in 2021. Her research interests include database systems, AI/ML in database, applied AI/ML to database, and federated data management. She has more than 20 papers published in VLDB, SIGMOD, VLDB journal, ICDCS, ICDM and so on and has been granted 15 patents. Her work received VLDB 2019 best paper honorable mention award and SIGMOD 2020 research highlight award. More project information is here.  Research Interests 1. Machine Learning Systems 2. Database Systems e. Applying Deep Learning to Database Systems 4. Federated Data Management and Data Integration  [New!!!] We are now recruiting highly motivated graduate and undergraduate students, please send your CV to jia.zou@asu.edu. 
